---
published: false
title: 9-20-16
layout: post
---
This year is three-quarters over, and this is only the 3rd post of the year. I'm trying to journal more this year, but that failed. But it's never too late to get back into it, get your shit together, and try to go for who I am truly made to do. So what does God really want me to do? I can't figure that shit out forever, but I deeply want to know, seeking and praying for that and if I know, I will definitely go do that all out...but I know in the back of my head, If I don't 'like it', I'll be contradicting myself. 

Trying to be fulfilled in the line of work that I pursue, and I am grossly stubborn of this fact. I really want to work for something that I feel that I am truly passionate about and 'Go for broke'. 2016 was much different than I imagined it, but it was both good and bad, but that's life right? Life is always gonna have shitty moments, and you need those people in your life to support you on the way because one cannot keep afloat by themselves when they punctured their own life vest, you need someone to save you and hope they hear your silent cries for help. 

My pride is too great, and it still has a lot to do with face and shame because I want to be hugely successful, but at what cost? Am I willing to risk everything to obtain the riches? Am I willing to risk health and family death? I think I would trade it all back. I really worry about my parents and my brother, I wish my family was close similar to other families. But I guess I didn't help. I put a lot of anxiety on myself, not telling others what's really going on because of the image I want to portray is so important to me that I shield it. 